Step-by-Step Guide to Set Up the Environment

1. Install Node.js and npm

Make sure Node.js and npm are installed. You can download and install them from nodejs.org.

Verify the installations:

bash

node -v
npm -v


2. Install Git

Ensure Git is installed. You can download and install it from git-scm.com.

Verify the installation:

bash

git --version
3. Clone the Repository
Clone the project repository (assuming it's hosted on GitHub):

bash

git clone https://github.com/yourusername/product-tracking.git
cd product-tracking


4. Initialize a New React Project

If you don’t already have a React project, create one using Create React App:

bash

npx create-react-app product-tracking-frontend
cd product-tracking-frontend

5. Install Dependencies
Install the necessary npm packages:

bash

npm install ethers react-toastify qrcode.react
Install React Scripts for CRA:

bash

npm install react-scripts


6. Set Up Hardhat for Ethereum Development

Navigate back to the project root directory and set up Hardhat:

bash

cd ..
mkdir product-tracking-contracts
cd product-tracking-contracts
npm init -y
npm install --save-dev hardhat

Initialize Hardhat:

bash

npx hardhat


Choose "Create a basic sample project" and follow the prompts. After setup, you should have a hardhat.config.js file.

7. Configure Hardhat and Write the Smart Contract

Replace the contents of contracts/Lock.sol with your ProductTracking.sol contract.

8. Compile the Contract

Compile the smart contract:

bash

npx hardhat compile

9. Deploy the Contract

Create a deployment script in scripts/deploy.js

Deploy the contract to the local Hardhat network

bash

npx hardhat node

In a new terminal, deploy the contract:

bash

npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network localhost

10. Connect Frontend to Smart Contract

Copy the contract address from the deployment output and update the contractAddress variable in your React code:

javascript

const contractAddress = 'YOUR_CONTRACT_ADDRESS_HERE';
Generate the ABI file from the compiled contract. Copy the ABI from artifacts/contracts/ProductTracking.sol/ProductTracking.json to product-tracking-frontend/src/ProductTrackingABI.json.

11. Update Frontend Code
Ensure your React code is in product-tracking-frontend/src/App.js

Run the React Application
Navigate to the React frontend directory and start the development server:

bash

cd product-tracking-frontend
npm start
